it's growing it's alive hey guys and
welcome back to Serena's mods today
we're gonna be checking out a fantastic
mah known as the growable ors mod for
minecraft 1.5.2 this is graded by bob
gary and it adds if you couldn't tell by
the title growable
ors into your mind crafting world but
these ores do not grow like any other
it's not like your water some rocks and
hope for the best you must use special
reed like structures to craft these now
how do you make these reeds you might be
wondering well let's find out let's go
over to the magical reed wall and you
will see that each of these crafting
recipes is very different depending on
where these ores come from it will
affect the entire crafting recipe but
the main default use of this crafting
recipe would have the sugar cane on each
of the sides and the ingot that you're
trying to get in the middle now the top
and bottom of the ingot its dependent on
where of course it is grown which iron
ore would be found in the overworld so
we'd use smooth stone but however quartz
is not found in the overworld you must
go to the deadly and evil nether so what
you're gonna need to put on the top and
bottom of that is netherrack and then
you'll have the quartz crystal in the
middle now the globe stone is the one
specialty case because it's the only one
that has glowstone on the tops and
bottoms and now of course that's just
because glowstone is selfish and doesn't
like to share with crafting recipes but
he's a special case so that's how you
craft it though once you have these
reeds you're probably wondering what the
heck am i supposed to do with them just
throw them on the ground as well of
course not
these actually required their very
special growing blocks now this growing
blocks look a little bit like mushroom
caps and the way that you craft these is
a coal on top seeds and a sugar cane on
the sides with an iron ingot diamond and
gold ingot in the middle a redstone in
the corner with a dirt next to it and a
lapis lazuli on the end now once you
have this it will give you eight growing
blocks for all of your growing pleasures
now once you do you all you have to
really do is right-click on the growing
block with the read in hand and it will
start growing now when I planted these
they were only one high so it doesn't
have a determined length of how much it
grows at least of to my knowledge
because it didn't have anything on that
on the fall
or really that I could find but of
course this does it doesn't actually
take that long for it to grow I mean
this was only a few minutes and it's
already on to its second length pretty
fantastic so let's go ahead and give you
a rundown of how many different minerals
and ores that are in this mod so it
includes coal iron gold and let's jump
down a layer to it the other minecraft
II and ores which would be glowstone
emerald redstone and nether quartz
diamond diamond goes pretty fast lapis
and then that would be the end of the
default ores now once we jump into these
other ones you're actually gonna need
the other mod just to get the ingots but
once you get the other mods this would
be a fantastic mod for that as well so
it includes copper uranium and tin
aluminum
glows wealth nope not glowstone that's a
default minecraft and then it's silver
mithril mithril myth row I don't know
how to say that apatite and you're
covering your own sign are di't cobalt
and quartz and annum entia adamantium
duh of course I'm really bad with names
but of course those are the amazing ores
that are included in this mod so you
have a lot of variability a especially
when you have other mods installed like
with copper and tin there is a ton of
mods that include those oars so this
would be a fantastic mod to include with
that so have a fantastic day guys I
really hope you enjoy this mod and thank
you so much Bob Gary for creating this
fantastic mod I'll be leaving links in
the download well download links in the
description below both for Scott as the
amazing free installers to make your
installing experience so much easier as
well as the normal download as well have
a fantastic day guys remember to like
and subscribe remember to tell your
friends because anything is better with
friends Bruma my ores themselves and now
that you can grow them of course they're
great with friends so I have a great day
guys and thank you all so much for
watching I will see you guys for the
next mod spotlight later goodbye